Hello there.
Welcome to this UI UX design course.
I hope you enjoy the course as you move along with me.
Okay, so to do this, I have to create the search icon.
So to do that.
I will be using a plugin in Figma today.
I'll be using I quantify, which is a plugin I mostly use for my work.
In case you don't have that installed or you don't know how to install that in figma, I'll take you
to.
So to do that right click any place or any space in your figma then select plugins you see a dropdown
menu.
In the dropdown you can go to browse like in the community.
That's if you don't already have the iconic plugin installed.
In my case, I have it installed so you can see it in the list of plugins I have installed here.
So if you don't have it installed, just select browse plugins in community and it takes you to a community.
Just type.
I qualify here.
I qualify?
Then search.
Click on the search.
They select plug ins, appear PSU.
That explains it shows you all the plug ins and I quantify.
So here, if you don't have a store, you are going to see the install button, then just click on it
is an instance in store.
If you have it in store, you are going to see something like this in store as you have seen on my laptop.
Okay.
So back to our design.
Back to our design, since I already have I quantify I radically go to plug ins and then select I quantify
in my plugin list.
Right?
So from here I guess search for search the search icon, essential search.
Yeah, I get how it sounds.
Okay.
So I get, I select an option from the options presented to me.
In this case I'll just click and drag to an empty space or my figma, then I workspace and then I close
it.
So I have this, I just drag it to my frame.
Yeah, it's small, so the only thing I'm going to have to do is increase its size so that becomes visible
enough.
For users to see.
Okay.
I was looking.
So my search has a big head compared to the other.
It seems smaller, it has a big head and to be a bit similar to what is there.
So I'll have to look for another search I can go back to.
I quantify search,
I may see them go to the next page to see my options presented.
Okay, I think this is good for me, so I'll select this.
Is so.
I just increase the size to 40.
Let's see how it looks.
This good enough?
Yeah.
It was good enough.
Looks close.
Then I reduce the size and the color opacity or color intensity from 100% to 50%.
Yes, yes, yes.
I love what I have so far.
So the next thing I'm going to do, the next I'm going to have to do is create this.
Shape we see here.
Right.
The shape I'm going to create the to do that I'll select the square to from the to the shape choose
and then.
Create a shape here.
Make it big enough.
Okay.
So the height 590 and then.
With 630.
Okay.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to round the corners, but now I'm going to do it a bit
differently from what we usually know.
I'm going to round the corners independently, the four corners independently.
So to do that, I go here and I select this independent corners button here.
Then it gives me the various input options for the various four corners of the shape I have there on
my frame.
So yes, the first corner, I'm going to give it a 100.
And the second one, I'll give it a 50.
Then the third one, I'll give it a 50 as well.
Then the final one.
I'll give it 100.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
So the third one, I have to give it 100 and a final one.
I give it to 16.
It doesn't look too close as there.
So what I'm going to do is instead of changing the you could choose to continue changing the values
here.
But for me, I'll use these dots that you see here in the squares.
I'm going to use these here to round it further so that it looks closer to this.
So to do that, in order to not round all the shapes as ones I have to press in order to know round
all the shapes, the corners at once, I have to press option or all on the keyboard.
They're around.
Okay.
So I think I would just have to ground it like that.
So around.
This looks good enough.
Two for 250, 250 looks good enough for me.
So I just run the 250 as well.
Hmm.
Yeah.
This looks close enough.
I'm proud of what I've done.
I'll just reduce the width a bit.
So I do the rest.
Yeah.
So I'll just make a square instead of a rectangle.
So now my width.
Value is the same as my height value.
So my width is 590 and my height is 590 as well.
So the shape is 590 by 590.
So I move it a bit away from the left because, you know, I have the social media icons I have to put
here, so I have to move it a better way to create space for that.
Okay.
Good.
Aha.
So now I have my sheep.
The next thing I'm going to do is to fill my sheep with images.
This time I'm going to use a plug in again.
So to do that already you how to install a plug in.
So I'm going to use an splash plugin.
So I already have it installed.
So if you don't have it installed, use the elements that I told you on how to install plug in to install
on splash as well.
Okay.
So right click select on splash from my plug in to activate it.
So if your internet is fast, it's actually loads up faster.
But I think I have I have a little issue with my connectivity here.
So it's taking some time.
Well, it just loaded.
Okay.
So to continue, what I'm going to do is we see that this looks like a living room.
So I'm going to search for living room images.
So I just search for a lever.
Nice.
I have gorgeous and nice, beautiful pictures here.
I just select the first time since that looks good enough for me.
So yeah, in order to make sure that your image feels your shape, you have to make sure that that shape
is selected for you.
Click on the image to get the downloaded into the shape.
I hope that is understood.
Okay, so now I have my shape.
This looks good enough for me.
Okay.
Yeah.
Looks good enough for me.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create a text here for lives.
Biggest moves to do that.
Once again, I find my text too.
Then I click on it.
And then I start.
I click on my frame and start typing.
Biggest life, biggest moves.
So I think these are fun bits.
That's a 60.
And instead of semi bold.
Let me make it bold.
Yeah.
Oh, look.
Good enough.
Stretch to 70 and see how it looks.
Okay.
Food is a bit too much, too cerebral.
Okay, I like this.
I like this.
So I'll just maintain the semi symbols.
Okay.
The next thing we are going to do is we are going to create this.
With our hearts who test down here.
So once again.
I'll just duplicate this here so I don't have to reset.
The properties, tax properties.
So we can choose the type or just use a lorem ipsum something.
So with whose use?
Well.
Okay.
So I checked the spacing between this and this.
To do that, you can just select one of the the items and then press and hold auto option on your keyboard
and then hover over the next element you want to compare the distance to.
So let me move it to make sure it's 40.